License Statement for METASCAPE FOR BIOINFORMATICS (MSBIO)

USE

Use of MSBIO is free to all non-commercial use. The licensee is granted the
rights to modify the code. The licensee cannot redistribute and/or sell copies
of MSBIO. The licensee cannot use MSBIO in any public-facing web site. Use of
MSBIO in commercial organizations requires a commercial license.

PRIVACY NOTICE

MSBIO is provided as a public service. Certain user-specific information are
collected during the registration for the purposes of security, usage statistics
and software management. MSBIO does not transmit data to third-party sites.

MEDICAL INFORMATION

MSBIO is not to be used for treating or diagnosing human subjects.

THIRD-PARTY DATA

MSBIO contains information from third party websites, which may or may not be
marked with the name of the source. All information from third party websites
are the sole responsibility of the person or entity that provides and/or
maintains such website. As a MSBIO licensee, you are solely responsible for any
information that you display, generate, transmit or transfer while using MSBIO,
and for the consequences of such actions. MSBIO also contains links to other
websites, MSBIO does not have any knowledge of or control over the information
contained in such other websites. MSBIO shall not have any responsibility
whatsoever for any information or content contained on those third party
websites, links contained on those websites or changes to such websites.

DISCLAIMER OF LIABILITY

ALL INFORMATION AND DATA PROVIDED BY MSBIO IS PROVIDED "AS-IS" WITHOUT WARRANTY
OF ANY KIND. MSBIO MAKES NO REPRESENTATIONS OR WARRANTIES CONCERNING MSBIO OR
ANY OTHER MATTER WHATSOEVER, INCLUDING WITHOUT LIMITATION ANY EXPRESS, IMPLIED
OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES OF MERCHANTABILITY, FITNESS FOR A PARTICULAR PURPOSE,
NON-INFRINGEMENT OF THIRD PARTY RIGHTS, TITLE, ACCURACY, COMPLETENESS OR ARISING
OUT OF COURSE OF CONDUCT OR TRADE CUSTOM OR USAGE, AND DISCLAIMS ALL SUCH
EXPRESS, IMPLIED OR STATUTORY WARRANTIES. MSBIO MAKES NO WARRANTY OR
REPRESENTATION THAT YOUR USE OF ITS SERVICE WILL NOT INFRINGE UPON THE
INTELLECTUAL PROPERTY OR OTHER RIGHTS OF ANY THIRD PARTY. IN NO EVENT WILL MSBIO
BE LIABLE FOR ANY DAMAGES, INCLUDING BUT NOT LIMITED TO DIRECT, INDIRECT,
SPECIAL OR CONSEQUENTIAL DAMAGES, ARISING OUT OF, RESULTING FROM, OR IN ANY WAY
CONNECTED WITH THE USE OF MSBIO OR DOCUMENTS AVAILABLE FROM THIS SERVICE.

RIGHTS TO CHANGE

MSBIO reserves the right to alter the content of this service in any way, at any
time and for any reason, with or without prior notice to you, and MSBIO will not
be liable in any way for possible consequences of such changes or for
inaccuracies, typographical errors or omissions in the contents hereof. MSBIO
also reserves the right to modify these Terms of Use at any time and for any
reason, with or without prior notice to you. You should always review the most
current Terms of Use herein before using this website.

BY USING MSBIO, YOU ACKNOWLEDGE AND AGREE THAT YOU HAVE READ, UNDERSTOOD AND
AGREE TO ALL OF THESE TERMS OF USE.
